Eugenie Kitchen Hi, I'm Eugenie.
Today I am making a delicious Taiwanese invention, bubble tea, of two flavors: milk tea and coconut.
You can find my recipes at Eugeniekitchen.com first, cook tapioca black according to
Directions on the package. Rinse and wash with cold water.
Soak 1/3 cup of tapioca in 3 tablespoons of simple sugar syrup.
Leave sitting for one hour. Make كوب cup of strong black tea with
tea bag. Allow to cool to room temperature.
Then in the cup add tapioca and syrup mixture, 2/3 cup of ice cubes,
Black tea cooled, 1 tablespoon of simple syrup
Add in half a cup of cold milk in the end. Voila!
Classic Bubble Tea and Milk Tea Jaws. I love sweet milk tea with chewy gum, Giant
Tapioca pearls. In fact this is milky of bubble tea
Last summer. For children,
In a cup add tapioca and mix syrup. In Shaker, add 2/3 cup of ice cubes,
1/4 cup of coconut cream (4 tablespoons), كوب cup of cold milk,
And 1 tablespoon of simple syrup. And so severely shake the combination.
Then pour over the tapioca mixture - syrup. And voila, no caffeine from the coconut drink bubble
Tea. I love this delicious tropical flavor.
Milk Tea and Coconut: Seriously Those are some of my favorites.
Bon appetite. Do your cravings for this sweet cold ice
drink? Make bubble tea at home.
If you have black giant tapioca pearls, it's just an snap.
This summer is hot, I wish you enjoy this summer the final Taiwanese
Drink bubble tea, at home. thanks for watching. Good-bye!